# Team Meeting on 12/15/2020

## Meeting Start Time

**2020/12/15/06:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2020/12/15/11:41**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Chase,
Hunter,
Nathaniel,
Luke,


## Minute Recorder

Hunter

## Topics Discussed

- Finalizing branches for merge to release branch
- Discussions of linking the front end and back end
- Documentation

## Things Clarified

- Start earlier and communicate more
- Focus on blockers and immediantly work to resolve
- Make iterations more bite sized, this iteration was difficult with over promise and finals
