# Team Meeting on 2/18/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/2/18/07:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/2/18/08:00**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Hunter,
Nathaniel,
Luke,
Chase


## Minute Recorder

Hunter

## Topics Discussed

-   What needs to be done ASAP for the project
-   Ensuring everyone has a current goal and is communicating 
-   Reaching out for Twillio and Mailgun keys

## Things Clarified

-   Daily progress is required
-   Communication is critical as so many features are being added
-   Break down tasks into smaller goals

