# Team Meeting on 2/24/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/3/21/08:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/3/21/09:00**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Hunter,
Nathaniel,
Luke,
Chase


## Minute Recorder

Luke Holliday

## Topics Discussed

-   Updating on individual tasks 
-   Talking over newest additions and where there would need any sort of attention
-   Disucussed progress for iteration 5

## Things Clarified

-   How much is done so far, and what needs ot be worked on
-   Timing for upcoming team meetings
