# Team Meeting on 2/24/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/3/4/06:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/3/4/07:30**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Hunter,
Nathaniel,
Luke,
Chase


## Minute Recorder

Nathaniel

## Topics Discussed

-   Updating on individual tasks 
-   Talking over newest additions and where there would need any sort of attention
-   Disucussed future plans for iteration 5
-   Deciding what can still be achieved in the last part of the iteration

## Things Clarified

-   Needing to add some work to front end to fix formatting issues
-   Timing for meetings with client and mentor
