# Team Meeting on 2/24/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/4/2/06:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/4/24/07:00**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Hunter,
Nathaniel,
Luke,
Chase


## Minute Recorder

Nathaniel

## Topics Discussed

-   Updating on individual tasks 
-   Talking over newest additions and where there would need any sort of attention
-   Talked about Student Symposium and what needs to be done for that

## Things Clarified

-   What still needs to be done
-   Where we are headed from this point now
-   What all needs to be fixed so far
-   What plans are for the next few days to be able to turn in the symposium
