# Mentor Meeting on 2/8/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/2/25/8:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/2/25/9:40

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Chase, Hunter, Luke, Colin , Nathan

## Minute Recorder

Chase

## Topics Discussed

-	Current progress on the project
-	Feedback on what else to add
-	Potential solutions to bugs
-	What to focus on next

## Things Clarified

-   Keeping a steady pace with working on the project through out the iteration
-	Questions about how to implement certain features