# Mentor Meeting on 3/26/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/3/26/8:00

## Meeting End Time

2021/3/26/8:30

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Chase, Luke, Colin , Nathaniel

## Minute Recorder

Nathaniel

## Topics Discussed

-	Looking at current state of the project for iteration 5
- SHowed off new features within the front end
- Talked about future plans and state of the project
- Questions and Suggestions for what to do for the last part of this iteration

## Things Clarified

- Showed fixed issues that were previously brought up
- The project overall is looking a lot better, and a ton of the extra features that have been tossed in really help in that
- Added information for things like Mailgun and Twilio
