# Mentor Meeting on 3/4/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/3/4/6:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/3/4/7:30

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Chase, Hunter, Luke, Colin , Nathaniel

## Minute Recorder

Nathaniel

## Topics Discussed

-	Looking at final state of the project for iteration 4
- Allowed Colin to use the software and play around with it
- Talked about future plans and state of the project

## Things Clarified

- Look at the formatting of the grid that we have. From there we should make it so that they don't shift in an odd manner
- The project overall is looking a lot better, and a ton of the extra features that have been tossed in really help in that
- Look into dealing with strings when dealing with the handling of what is being checked
- Look into potentially getting nested API calls as something that can be handled, this would only be if there was extra time for it
- Add a history for each of the tasks so that errors could be found and displayed as to when they occurred.
